put with the debut of the kid riquelme
has this easy benite formation and the
number one navarro montoya 2 of coffee is
with the newspaper you live four reeds 5
toresani 6 fabri 7 rambert on 8 the
Holy war faith Nestor Fabbri said the
date on November 10 , 96 you have to
give detail in a moment what will
thrill people mouth liked
the clear names we show to a
church walter nelson
with the 8
clear for that world the name for the
second
listen now pay attention
all right
and hit him with his military factory he
listen out
it's more the means
control and me
6 to 0
exists throughout the career of
marketing
and listen to the scream 90 1996 we're going to
you most recent clear the opening
2008 had died the former president of
mouth but luzlme bulb turned him
this goal to san lorenzo
the shirt thank you for everything pedro design
it is seen d치tolo to pablo mouche water
when he received a yellow for this
celebration and could not play the next
match of the cold letter of the regulation
not good against river and against costanzo
that I re- attack the Catholic brand in
the rebozo of head but what happens that
that was the day of moles and I for macri
was the other side the issue was that in
that moment riquelme and mauricio more
they were discussing their renovation me
he said he charged like an exact juvenile
macri that was not tiny
the opposition party
and he stood
Oca Valley
can move us head
akasaka and unique
almost seven hours a child performed a
video not
it was the game with pretty a
drawing animation
a few players has to do with the
elimination of the liberators
The next
colin cha
you arrived that obviously exists in brazil
and this is going to lead us to see a match
against racing
we shouted to him guys in the boxes
riquelme scored this goal was it
screaming was very
but hey you have to look the other
black campaign where he goes
the attack
until then the boy says good for
you have some little thing besides riquelme
I dedicate it to him
if you traveled with us jokes
you surprised that people are
sitting next to the players
training
I think there would be one on the right
the tremendous blow but for us
it has to do with the particles that
happened that has its history its
explanation against Santa Cruz fabian here
by de banfield and we bring the network
riquelme passing these are going to take a
little tail pretty opinions
filing really tears them directly
and I explained to him and he told me why
tremendous pineapple trafford evasion
to the call adri치n gonz치lez said coca
sincere and santa cruz
to go unloading nobody I think that
we are all the same and do not have to play
to football always in the same way
the power to a good kick nothing happens
I think it solves
but it was a moment that will stay there
now no longer funny
but that would be the same
then already sent final it came later
match making the technician had it
commanded
the cities did not have
the last two sessions of our
super special one month and also the
third exclusively of each juan
roman riquelme whom he treats I hope that
you enjoyed it as much as
enjoy me doing it here with my friend
pablo gonz치lez and how is your house thanks
thank you for inviting us again
bye
everyone
whistles
well, maybe
in the fire